exorcism is alive and well the Bible is
filled with demons if you believe in God
you have to believe in the devil
the Last Exorcism is the latest
Hollywood fella wants to scare the devil
out of you
my wife died two years ago it's quite a
shot for now were you very close
somehow the double cut in the last
exorcism is the first horror film for
it's two stars Patrick Fabian and Ashley
Bell now can you hear me good nothing to
be nervous about to find the devil with
then actually listen to tapes of actual
exorcism playing flight over which is 10
times as creepy yeah and I it's it's
weird because you know you'll you'll
hear things and you think oh that's
that's real someone can make that noise
right and then there comes this sound
that's just neither masculine or
feminine or human or animal and you just
say to yourself what is that like what's
that noise
if her character goes from just one
exorcism but thanks to director daniel
stamm ashley got to live it over and
over take after take daniel works about
20 or 30 takes for every scene there you
go that's a good girl
that's a good girl right here to have
that freedom and to constantly be
allowed to try new things and encourage
and like ask ask to try new ideas and
for input and stuff like that I think
that's what helped to create that that
really deep documentary feel and the the
real element in love stories chemistry
between the two actors is crucial
he is chemistry important in a horror
film we're going to go down we're gonna
get you in the car
between the possessed in the possession
I've said this all along you know my job
was made very easy by my Ashley's talent
because if she is not as good as she is
and the poster can just tell you that
right off the bat if she's not as
committed as she is then the whole film
falls apart but uh but she is wonderful
and grounded and her work was so solid
and real made my job easier no let him
come now I walk in and she's she's being
possessed I'm scared you know
put the camera on me that's it but yeah
I'm already scared in the fire chemistry
or lack thereof really doesn't come into
play as much as you know I'm trying to
figure out a sphinx here I'm trying to
figure out a problem and so actually we
would have these long days of work and
these multiple takes but it wasn't like
in-between we'd be chatting about the
news and stuff like that because the
work was very intense because we'd be
doing these long interviews and
monologues and whatnot and you know she
stayed really focused and it helped me
stay focused as well at least the actors
lived to tell the tale
when they saw the last exorcism for the
first time did it scare them no
oh my god
I did I did that we thought for the
first time at the LA Film Festival and I
went home that night and slept in my my
old bedroom at my parents house that's
gonna go if you can't say my daughter so
I well because when you're in it you
forget like I know what's going on in
the film kind of because again it was
our first time really seeing the final
cut and I was pleasantly surprised when
you know all of a sudden the cameras
going around and something happens and
an audience goes huh
right like oh right all right that is
creepy oh that is scary because I kind
of knew it was coming up but I also was
taken aback by going up which is great
yeah it's better to be in a film that
you know is gonna creep out some sixteen
year old boys and girls across the
nation
to leave this girl if I beseech our Lord
Jesus Christ I command me to be gone
you